one of the biggest risks I take in my career is being an adviser to my
chain of command. My triad. Um, all conversations have to be had, Um,
there are some tough conversations that have to be had advising your
CEO. Um, when things come up, whether they're good, bad or ugly.
Um, I am the adviser. Um, the risk I take with sharing things with
my commanding officer, um, explaining to him that this might not be
in the best interests of the command And then at the end of the day,
knowing that he is the one that makes the final decision. And he's
and he's also the one that writes my evil my evaluation at the end of
the day, um, I have to be honest and true. With what? What? My beliefs,
our And just know that what I said, um, what I say how I handle
things with my commanding officer, that they're going to be taken
professionally and respectfully and hope that he understands that the
best interests of the command and himself, um, and the sailors are
are taken, um, in a professional manner. And then, like I said again,
um, always remembering that at the end of the day he is the one that
makes the final decision, and that's to me can be, ah risk.